# Smart Blinds
 
Smart blinds is my first project in the world of embedded systems and IOT. I wanted to make a project that helped me solve a real problem that I have in my day to day life. To me there's no greater problem than that of waking up in the morning. Now i could just buy a prebuilt set of roller shade blinds by someone else or copy someone elses design like [this one!](https://projecthub.arduino.cc/twinsen01/automatic-window-roller-blinds-854188) but first off wheres the fun in that, and second i wanna learn and i want to struggle. One day i wanna work in big tech company and this project will my definitive proof that i can handle anything anyone throws my way! Already I've learned so much about circuits like how they work, what the individual pieces do, etc and currently i'm learning to Cad. It is unapologetically A PAIN! theres a reason I chose to be a software engineer instead of a mechanical engineer! I love coding and designing software but i hate cad and 3d printing! >:(. I've failed many of my prototypes so far but ultimately its a good thing. I'm learning to slow down and pay greater attention to the finer details which is a skill thats applicable to computer science as well! plus prototyping my blind mechanisms makes me feel like an engineer which feels pretty good not gonna lie :).

# Plans for the future

i have many ideas in store for this project. For one I already bought an arduino R4 which has wifi capabilities! I plan on figuring out how AWS works so that i can use a website on my phone to open and close the blinds as well as add some sort of speaker module so that i can toggle the blinds with the clap of my hands because it would be hilarious!(props to my buddy Alex Shevchuk for giving me the idea!) 

# Closing thoughts
 Currently the project is in its very early stages the only thing that limits me right now is time! 